# January 22th, 2024

## Coding Summary

Today, I finished the [Next.js Course](https://nextjs.org/learn/dashboard-app). I plan to reinforce my knowledge by building a web app and practicing all the new features. I also plan on transcribing the topics into notes and making a "cheatsheet" and comparing it to how it's different from React features.

I also worked on update the Post-Plant frontpage and I made it dynamic and respond and change font sizing and image positioning depending on the width of the window. Overall, I think it made it better and more accessible for recruiters. I also tried to work on the timer recognition system that will detect the exact frame when the game started. There are some problems with it and I wasn't sure how to preprocess the frame the best before putting it through the pytesseract.

## Learnings

- Next.js
  - Error handling, Accessibility, Authentication, Metadata.
- OpenCV / image processing (WIP).

## Goals

1. Create Post-Plant Teams page layouts/content guide.
   - Figure out the automatic game start finder.
2. Clean up Post-Plant UI.

## Cool Snippet

```javascript
processed_frame = preprocess_for_ocr(frame, x, y, width, height)
text = ocr_with_config(processed_frame)
if target_time in text:
  print(f"Target time found in frame: {frame_id}")
```

Interesting start to my journey in image recognition.

## Other

I will participate in my first hackaton soon! It is hosted by UIC and I think we have a really solid team that can create a really cool product. Our team is perfect as my other team members like backend and I like frontend. [SparkHacks 2024 Link](https://sparkhacksatuic.com/)
