# January 20th, 2024

## Coding Summary

Today, I brushed up my React skills and also worked through the [Next.js Course](https://nextjs.org/learn/dashboard-app). I am about 60% done with it and so far it makes sense and it just seems like a much more efficient way to do certain things in React (for example routes with the folder names). I am still confused about the the server-side/client-side rendering and when/which componenent I should choose to render on which side.

I also worked on my first Computer Systems lab which was making three sequential blinking lights on a breadboard with an Arduino. It was super fun and was interesting to connect all the wires and write some code for it. I made it super clean by using an array for the pins which felt like a nice implementation to make.

## Learnings

- Next.js
  - Styling, fonts, layouts, pages, navigation, database, fetching data.
- Circuit board/Arduino programming.

## Goals

1. Finish Next.js [course.](https://nextjs.org/learn/dashboard-app)
2. Clean up TreasuryUI exetnsion.
3. Create Post-Plant Teams page layouts/content guide.

## Cool Snippet

```javascript
const byte lightPins[numOfPins] = {13, 12, 10};

for (byte i = 0; i < numOfPins; i++) {
  pinMode(lightPins[i], OUTPUT);
}

digitalWrite(lightPins[currPin], !digitalRead(lightPins[currPin]));
```

Cool 3 blinking lights solution using arrays.

## Other

I really enjoyed the Arduino lab. We have a final group project which should be really fun and I am excited about that. Still thinking of what the project could be but we are thinking something with networking? Seems boring but we'll brainstorm some more.
