# January 21th, 2024

## Coding Summary

Today, I worked through the [Next.js Course](https://nextjs.org/learn/dashboard-app) and I am 75% complete with it. I finished pretty much all the "important" content and reviewing what I learned, it seems like Next.js will be super helpful in maximizing efficiency and creating great sites. Can't wait to learn more and solidify my knowledge of concepts.

I also worked on the TreasuryUI extension and demoed it to my brother. He loved it and I think I will slowly continue working on it page by page each day. However, in the morning I wasted a ton of time (1-2.5 hours) because I was trying to integrate an MUI sidebar from a [dashboard template](https://github.com/minimal-ui-kit/material-kit-react). I won't even end up using it but it thought me how to bug find/fix and also devtools and js source maps.

## Learnings

- Next.js
  - Rendering, Streaming, Partial Prerendering, Search & Pagination, Actions
- Devtools.
  - Source maps, bundles, webpacks, MUI (a little).

## Goals

1. Finish Next.js [course.](https://nextjs.org/learn/dashboard-app)
2. Create Post-Plant Teams page layouts/content guide.
3. Clean up Post-Plant UI.

## Cool Snippet

```javascript
<form action={createInvoice}></form>
export async function createInvoice(formData: FormData) {
  ... validates & cleans data

  await sql`
    INSERT INTO invoices (customer_id, amount, status, date)
    VALUES (${customerId}, ${amountInCents}, ${status}, ${date})
  `;

  ... clears cache & redirects
}
```

Super cool way of integrating a database into React components.

## Other

Talked with my brother about Post-Plant. I have to fully clean up the site, fix the replay system and then market it like crazy. I have to "hustle" and just try to get my name out everywhere on twitch/twitter/reddit.
