# February 1st, 2024

## Coding Summary

I have officially been "coding" or improving my skills for a whole month now. Proud of my progress and commitment to this goal. Reflecting back, my first 1-2 weeks were super productive and I got a lot done. However, unfortunately I feel even with the all the good with the discipline I'm building, I feel like this blog/daily commit goal is making me not focus on actually improving but simply getting a commit through this blog to keep my streak.

Going forward, I hope to make meaningful commits and work everyday on the new Curriculo website idea that I have. Even an hour a day will be massively beneficial in the long run. I hope to make meaningful progress each day. To be completely honest, I have to put down my pride and let go of my commit streak and make it a point that it's not important and the end all.

## Learnings

- LLM prompt models.
- Reinforcement learning.
- Vector database storage.

## Goals

1. Figure out Curriculo UX layout.
   1. Figure out what data we need for users.
2. Continue working on eccomerce site.
3. Make personal website blogs hosted on 3rd-party website and fetch them to display.

## Cool Snippet

```c++
for (int i = 1; i <= 26; i++) {
   int correctWords = 0;
   vector<string> rotatedWords;

   for(string word : words){
      rotatedWords.push_back(rot(word, i));
   }
   ...
}
```

Snippet from my data structures project to brute force decrypt the Caesar cipher.

Initially, I was actually thinking of using letter frequency and replacing the highest occurance one with "e". However, the test cases were just a few words so we had to use the brute force method and check if the words exist in a dictionary.
