# February 3rd, 2024

## Coding Summary

Today I applied to 30 more internships and I am confident in about 5 of them. There were some really cool positions and I think I sold myself well when there were extra questions about my experience/projects. It was super cool to reflect and actually realize just how much stuff I learned and I can "keep up with the tech lingo".

I also migrated from Google analytics to Plausible which should be free for 30 days. It's also super convenient because I don't need to include a cookies button/warning and I might be able to get a free subsription since I am a student. Overall, my last thing I have to do for the website is simply host my .md files/blogs somewhere else and fetch them when I need them.

## Learnings

- Plausible analytics connections.

## Goals

1. Add netlify CMS to personal website.
2. Start prototype / first look of Curriculo.

## Cool Snippet

```javascript
const useAnalyticsEventTracker = () => {
  const plausible = Plausible();
  const eventTracker = (eventName, props = {}) => {
    plausible.trackEvent(eventName, { props });
  };

  return eventTracker;
};
```

Cool way of integrating analytics using Plausible. Literally a few lines of code and you have entire website page tracking and event tracking. Maybe it will be worth the monthly cost in the future for bigger projects.

## Other

I think I will also figure out the business model for Curriculo and how we can attract users, the premium model, advertisements based on analytics and other metrics. Will be cool to have a simple baseline on how to be profitable.
